Update KPI from PXP to pipeline runs (#335)
meltano/handbook: src/_data-team/kpis.md

Certain KPIs are considered Health Metrics, which means we actively monitor them and alarm on them and take action when and if they fall out of expected range. Otherwise we may or may not have goals or initiatives associated with their outputs.

## Pipeline Runs

> Meltano's primary strategic goal is to achieve product-market fit for Meltano as the DataOps Platform Infrastructure, with a particular focus on ELT workloads. Our primary metric for measuring progress towards this goal is the number of pipelines run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meltano's primary strategic goal is to achieve product-market fit for Meltano as a data movement (EL+T) solution with 10X developer experience over alternatives. Our primary metric for measuring progress towards this goal is the number of pipelines run.
```
